This is the changelog of MatrixCtl. You can find the issue tracker on
`GitHub <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues>`_.

.. towncrier release notes start

0.10.2 (2021-06-24)
===================

Features & Improvements
-----------------------

- Add start/restart switch to the deploy subcommand to start/restart the server
  right after the deployment. (`#132
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/132>`_)
- Added the new command ``get-event``, which gets an event by ``event_id`` from
  the Database and prints it as JSON. (`#139
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/139>`_)


Miscellaneous
-------------

- Rewritten API handler. (`#136
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/136>`_)
- Fixed: Wrong version while developing in virtual environment. (`#141
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/141>`_)


0.10.1 (2021-06-17)
===================

Features & Improvements
-----------------------

- Update type hinting according to PEP 585. (`#123
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/123>`_)


0.10.0 (2021-06-17)
===================

Behavior & Breaking Changes
---------------------------

- Drop support for Python 3.8 for tests and typing. (`#121
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/121>`_)


Features & Improvements
-----------------------

- add ``purge-history`` to purge historic events from the DB (`#86
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/86>`_)
- Modules are using ``logger`` instead of ``logging``. (`#117
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/117>`_)
- Use secure, temporary directory for ansible_runner's private data. (`#119
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/119>`_)


Miscellaneous
-------------

- Moved ``mypy.ini`` into ``pyproject.toml``. (`#113
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/113>`_)
- Fix of false-positive ``CWE-798: Use of Hard-coded Credentials``. (`#115
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/115>`_)
- Update ``pre-commit`` and dependencies. (`#121
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/121>`_)


0.9.0 (2021-04-23)
==================

Behavior & Breaking Changes
---------------------------

- add ``shadow-banned`` (needs synapse v1.28 or greater) and ``displayname`` to
  the table output of ```matrixctl users``. (`#30
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/30>`_)


Features & Improvements
-----------------------

- Add the ``stop`` command to ``matrixctl``, which stops all OCI containers.
  (`#74 <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/74>`_)


Improved Documentation
----------------------

- Fixed the commandline tool example in the docs. (`#68
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/68>`_)
- Removed the program name from every title of the changelog. We now only use
  the version number and the date. (`#79
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/79>`_)


0.8.6 (2021-04-17)
==================

Features & Improvements
-----------------------

- The application now uses ``__main__.py`` instead of ``application.py``.
  Developers are now able to use ``python matrixctl`` from the project root to
  start the application. (`#60
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/60>`_)
- Add tox as simple way to check the changelog, testbuild the docs, run
  pre-commit and run tests (`#64
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/64>`_)


Bugfixes
--------

- Fix ``TypeError`` when enabling debug mode and using the API. (`#45
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/45>`_)


Miscellaneous
-------------

- Add ``CHANGELOG.rst`` to project root generated by ``towncrier``.
  This is the first release using the new changelog generation procedure.
  If you want to see the previous changelog please check our `releases on
  GitHub
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/releases>`_. (`#61
  <https://github.com/MichaelSasser/matrixctl/issues/61>`_)

